things that encourage accountability are, um, one of my favorites. This
would be ownership. So throughout your command, throughout your division,
throughout your department and even, you know, just in general,
people respond better when they feel as if they own something. And
that simple notion will encourage someone to be accountable for their
equipment before a program. So throughout your team to develop
or encourage accountability would be to give a sailor program and sit
down and communicate with them your expectations and your standards
and encourage them to make this program the best or, you know, to
pass an expectation, you know, whatever it may be. But that sense of
ownership encourages accountability alone. But you just have to be
the leader to find that that that sailor, that you can apply to that
program, Teoh, you know, move for so ownership encourages accountability
in my pain